com/Bytepad/server/repositories/CourseRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.CourseRepo
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/heirarchicalPaperStructure/PaperTypeDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.heirarchicalPaperStructure.PaperTypeDTO
com/Bytepad/server/configuration/JWTUtils.java
 com.Bytepad.server.configuration.JWTUtils
com/Bytepad/server/serviceInterface/UserInterface.java
 com.Bytepad.server.serviceInterface.UserInterface
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/DocumentRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.DocumentRepo
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/BranchRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.BranchRepo
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/SessionRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.SessionRepo
com/Bytepad/server/Utilities/FileUploadingService.java
 com.Bytepad.server.Utilities.FileUploadingService
com/Bytepad/server/Utilities/Validators.java
 com.Bytepad.server.Utilities.Validators
com/Bytepad/server/controllers/AdminController.java
 com.Bytepad.server.controllers.AdminController
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/heirarchicalPaperStructure/SessionDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.heirarchicalPaperStructure.SessionDTO
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/DuplicateFileChecker.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.DuplicateFileChecker
com/Bytepad/server/models/Branch.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Branch
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/UploadResponse.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.UploadResponse
com/Bytepad/server/exceptions/InvalidField.java
 com.Bytepad.server.exceptions.InvalidField
com/Bytepad/server/configuration/SecurityConfiguration.java
 com.Bytepad.server.configuration.SecurityConfiguration
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/ExamRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.ExamRepo
com/Bytepad/server/Utilities/MailUtilities.java
 com.Bytepad.server.Utilities.MailUtilities
com/Bytepad/server/models/AndroidStatus.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.AndroidStatus
com/Bytepad/server/configuration/JWTRequestFilter.java
 com.Bytepad.server.configuration.JWTRequestFilter
com/Bytepad/server/serviceImplementation/AdminService.java
 com.Bytepad.server.serviceImplementation.AdminService
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/CourseBranchDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.CourseBranchDTO
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/SessionExamFields.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.SessionExamFields
com/Bytepad/server/serviceImplementation/AdminDetails.java
 com.Bytepad.server.serviceImplementation.AdminDetails
com/Bytepad/server/exceptions/EmptyField.java
 com.Bytepad.server.exceptions.EmptyField
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/heirarchicalPaperStructure/BranchDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.heirarchicalPaperStructure.BranchDTO
com/Bytepad/server/models/Exam.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Exam
com/Bytepad/server/serviceInterface/AdminInterface.java
 com.Bytepad.server.serviceInterface.AdminInterface
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/LoginResponse.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.LoginResponse
com/Bytepad/server/models/Document.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Document
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Document$PaperType
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Document$SemesterType
com/Bytepad/server/exceptions/UsernameAlreadyExist.java
 com.Bytepad.server.exceptions.UsernameAlreadyExist
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/DocumentDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.DocumentDTO
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/FieldsDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.FieldsDTO
com/Bytepad/server/serviceImplementation/UserService.java
 com.Bytepad.server.serviceImplementation.UserService
com/Bytepad/server/ServerApplication.java
 com.Bytepad.server.ServerApplication
com/Bytepad/server/models/Session.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Session
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/AdminRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.AdminRepo
com/Bytepad/server/models/CourseBranch.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.CourseBranch
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/AddFieldDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.AddFieldDTO
com/Bytepad/server/Utilities/FileDeletingService.java
 com.Bytepad.server.Utilities.FileDeletingService
com/Bytepad/server/controllers/UserController.java
 com.Bytepad.server.controllers.UserController
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/PaperResponse.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.PaperResponse
com/Bytepad/server/configuration/WebConfigurer.java
 com.Bytepad.server.configuration.WebConfigurer
com/Bytepad/server/controllers/RedirectController.java
 com.Bytepad.server.controllers.RedirectController
com/Bytepad/server/models/Admin.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Admin
com/Bytepad/server/models/Course.java
 com.Bytepad.server.models.Course
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/heirarchicalPaperStructure/ExamDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.heirarchicalPaperStructure.ExamDTO
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/AndroidStatusRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.AndroidStatusRepo
com/Bytepad/server/Utilities/DTOconverters.java
 com.Bytepad.server.Utilities.DTOconverters
com/Bytepad/server/repositories/CourseBranchRepo.java
 com.Bytepad.server.repositories.CourseBranchRepo
com/Bytepad/server/DTOs/heirarchicalPaperStructure/CourseDTO.java
 com.Bytepad.server.DTOs.heirarchicalPaperStructure.CourseDTO
